you
in summer the gangers cut the long grass
on the line side breaking it into heaps
to dry in the Sun at this time of year
firstly stops where they have been
cutting the men load off his empty
wagons and he pulls them to the station
Tobie then takes them to the hills for
the farmers to feed their stock
we Percy gave a ghostly whistle don't be
frightened Thomas he laughs it's only me
you're ugly fizzes enough to frighten
anyone said Thomas
you're like ugly indeed I'm a green
caterpillar with red stripes continued
Thomas firmly you crawl like one too I
don't who's being late every afternoon
this week it's the hey I can't help that
said Thomas times time and the Fat
Controller relies on me to keep it I
can't if you crawl in the hay till all
hours green caterpillar indeed fume
Percy he set off to collect some hay
take to the harbor everyone says I'm
handsome or at least nearly everyone
anyway my curves are better than
pharmacists horn Thomas says I'm always
late he grumbled I'm never late or at
least only a few minutes what's that -
Thomas he can always catch up time
further on all the same he and his
driver decided to start home early then
came trouble a crate of treacle was
upset all over Percy Percy was cross he
was still sticky when he puffed away
the wind was blowing fiercely look at
that exclaimed the driver the wind
caught the piled hay tossing it up and
over the track the lion climbed here
take a run at him Percy his driver
advised Percy gathered speed but the hay
made the rail slippery and his wheels
wouldn't grip time at the time he
stalled with spinning wheel and had to
wait on the line ahead was cleared
before he could start again everyone was
waiting thomas seized impatiently ten
minutes late I warned him passengers
will complain and the Fat Controller
then they all saw person they laughed
and shouted
sorry I'm late Percy panted look what
crawled out of the hey T is Thomas
What's Wrong gasps Percy talk about
hairy caterpillars puffed Thomas it's
worth being late to have seen you when
Percy got home his driver showed him
what he looked like in a mirror bust my
buffers
no wonder they all laughed I'm just like
a woolly bear please clean me before
Toby comes but it was no good Thomas
told told me all about it
instead of talking about sensible things
like playing ghosts Thomas and Toby made
jokes about woolly bear caterpillars and
other creatures which crawl about in hay
they laughed a lot but Percy thought
they were really being very silly indeed